industrialization the greatest
disintegration of imperialist
intervention in Chile from 1972 to 1973
the same source of operations were going
on there to make it impossible for the
IND regime to govern after earlier
attempts to prevent him from taking
office failed such as the assassination
of general Schneider and the attempts to
bribe the Chilean Congress later on with
the help of the international lending
institutions and those financial
institutions controlled as part of the
United States government were able to
exert the financial squeeze on Chile
which resulted in great difficulty in
obtaining short-term credits creating
scarcity of many different types of
products then such organizations as the
trucker's Union had legitimate
grievances on which to
to base their complaints
the CIA by financing the truck drivers
and the shopkeepers and the other
organizations which professionals for
example who organized against the IND
regime were able to create the
conditions and the appearances of chaos
and disorganization which will always
appeal to right-wing discipline minded
military leaders who will intervene and
justify their intervention on the
restoration of national order of the
restoration of national dignity and the
attention of peace and this in the case
of Chile